Tikki, I don't get it!
i2
The enigma translated by Master Fu means nothing at all...
i3
That’s normal!
i4
Its meanings are hidden on purpose to
protect the secret of our magical powers
i5
Okay but what about the fact that even I,
the guardian of the Miraculous, can’t understand.
i6
Master Fu took time to find out too!
I know you’ll discover the secret soon, after all...
i7
you helped him with the aquatic one!
i8
You’re right, I’m not gonna give up!
i9
What are you doing?
i10
Nadia: The city of paris is preparing to celebrate Prince Ali's birthday-
i11
Alec: An exclusive report about Adrien's life..
i12
Marinette: *Gasp* Adrien!
i13
Reporter: We were able to follow the daily life of the famous model
i14
Vincent: Perfect! Stunning! I need a smile more.. Al Dente!
i15
A rank dragon degrades a rank dragon (x2)
i16
Sarah: Not Bad, but do u think that you can do it a little more like.. orange?
i17
Mari: *sigh* He really has an amazing life!
i18
Adrien: Ugh.. What an endless day!
i19
Plagg: Without a lunch break even! It's unbearable
i20
Adrien: Here, I'm finally free!
i21
Plagg, Claws Out!
i22
Plagg: What? Ohh noooo
i23
CatNoir: Bugaboo?
i24
"Ladybug here, leave a msg"
i25
CatNoir: Hello Bugaboo, well I'm here on time as usual.. loyal to the post!
i26
It's time for our patrol.. you didn't forget right?
i27
"no msgs but do not forget my cheese"
i28
CatNoir: What could she be doing?!
i29
"Ladybug here, leave a msg"
i30
Maybe now that you're the miraculous guardian, you've more important things to do..
i31
but you know it's okay, I'm the cat for the job!
i32
I'm starting without you, see you soon I hope, let me know.
i33
Kids: What? It's ChatNoir! ChatNoir! ChatNoir!
i34
CatNoir: I'll finally be able to stretch my legs!
i35
Kids: ChatNoir!
i36
Thank you so much!
i37
CatNoir: In your service
i38
"no msgs but do not forget my cheese"
i39
*whistling*
i40
So Mister Banana tell me, you have punch,
the peach, the banana, you understand?
i41
Don’t worry, forget it.
i42
Oh Mister Ramier, it's been a while that you haven’t been akumatised.
i43
You don't miss it a bit, being Mr. Pigeon? Don’t you feel a bit sad, desperate,
angry, annoyed maybe?
i44
Even a little disturbed?
i45
Thank you for worrying about it Cat Noir
but I’m in an excellent mood lately!
i46
Oh, so I’ll go.
i47
Say hello to dear Ladybug from me!
i48
Of course... If I see her one day.
i49
No messages but don’t forget my cheese.
i50
A glass of milk as usual mister Cat Noir?
i51
mhm!
i52
How is dear Ladybug, she isn't making much
of an appearance at the moment…
i53
Yeah,  it's particularly calm these days.
i54
This bag was my life Sabrina and you find the way to lose it!
i55
It’s no longer worth talking to me. Understand?
i56
But- Chloé-
i57
Shhh, you shut  up now.
i58
But- Shut- and-  Shut! Shut! Shut!
i59
Not a word. And I forbid you to look at me.
i60
HIDE YOUR EYES.
i61
(Gasp) huh-
i62
It smells like akumatisation!
i63
Oh- Oh- my bag!
i64
What an idiot! You couldn’t say that it was here!?
i65
But I was not allowed to speak, Chloe...
i66
And it’s always the case! But- Shut!
i67
Oh-oh!
i68
On second thought, I will take a double milk.
i69
No messages but don’t forget my chee-
Here's ladybug! Leave a message!
i70
Hello again, bugaboo.
Do you know who this is? It’s the one you stood up- huh?
i71
YES! To never weaken, mother!
i72
I learned the lesson well!
i73
And never let-
i74
yourself be surprised.
i75
Apply these principles to fencing if you want to be better than Adrien Agreste!
i76
Adrien? Don’t worry mother.
I have everything I need to succeed!
i77
End of the patrol bugaboo!
i78
Claws out.
i79
On you forget it exists so much else,
and it’s a new variety, it might be a good surprise!
i80
Miss Kagami Tsurugi called to signal that your
fencing class’s schedule changed again.
i81
It will be an hour early.
i82
Ah, thank you, Nathalie
i83
What are you hiding again, Kagami?
i84
Those schedule changes imposed by the Agrestes are exhausting!
But make the most of it to do one extra hour of Russian!
i85
Yes mother
i86
Those schedule changes imposed by the Tsurugis are exhausting!
i87
Once you're home, don’t forget to try the
outfit that I’ve just finished for your next photoshoot
i88
Of course, father
i89
Hmmm? Kagami?? Adrien?? Your fencing class starts in 1 hour and
Mr. D’Argencourt is not here yet!
i90
OH! Really? And here I was sure of noting the right schedule this time!
i91
I’m sorry but you can’t-
i92
Stay here alone in school!
i93
No problem M. Aprel. We’ll come back in 1 hour.
i94
But what are you going to do, Kagami?
i95
The art room?
i96
But why did you bring me here?
i97
I never told anyone.
i98
But, I’m passionate about drawing.
i99
And I always have been
i100
Art never lies, poses people do always reflect their personalities
i101
But my mom doesn't let me draw, she thinks I'm not good enough…
i102
You are incredibly talented Kagami!
i103
Really? You think so?
i104
Mhm!
i105
Make a pose for me, I would like to draw you
i106
What pose do you want me to make?
i107
A pose that you feel comfortable with
i108
You know, I admire alot Toulause Lautreck,
i109
I would like to draw you just like the characters he used to paint
i110
Did you know that sometimes he used to sign his drawings with an ideogram?
In Japanese?
i111
Ugh, I'm redoing it, this is not you.
i112
Can I see it?
i113
Make another pose.
i114
It's easy to make a beautiful art of you since you're beautiful,
but I wanna draw the real you, what you are in the inside.
i115
No… Still not you. Change your pose
i116
These are model poses, try something more natural, more like you!
i117
Hmm… What do you think of CAT!
i118
Uhh no.. uhmm… I mean, do you prefer… this pose??
i119
No, this is absolutely not natural.
i120
Yes it is, I promise, this is really me!
i121
NO! This is you when you're acting like a clown!
i122
But maybe when I act like a clown… it’s really me..
i123
That way, that’s who you really are.
i124
But.. are you sure?
i125
Yes, you are.. Perfect.
i126
Seems like it’s really time for fencing lessons now.
i127
Ready?
i128
Set!
i129
Go!
i130
Touché
i131
En garde..
i132
Uh, sorry I forgot something in the locker room
i133
It’s time for our patrol!
i134
You didn't forget right?
i135
BOO!
i136
Cat Noir?
i137
(AAHHHH) I talked to him, and oh?
i138
Won’t you stop with your stupid jokes, I could have hurt you!
i139
M’lady, the only thing that hurts...
i140
It's the fact of you leaving me on patrol alone...
i141
I even missed your angry little looks.
i142
I'm a sorry kitten. I'm very busy nowadays...
i143
You amaze me, guardian of the miraculous,
with great title comes great responsibilities!
i144
I promise I won't forget our patrols anymore.
i145
Kagami !
i146
I have to go home my father must be worried...
i147
See you tomorrow !
i148
Oh, see you tomorrow everyone !
i149
I forgot something in class, I'll call you later!
i150
Tatsu, go.
i151
Great! Yeah!
i152
Ah, and I filmed it all dude, this concert was just great!
i153
Not really Nino, I completely missed the intro..
i154
No problem, we can do it again, Adrien..
i155
Yes! We're going to play the song again!
i156
Adrien, it's time..
i157
Five little minutes?
i158
Well, I’ll do better next time, promise
i159
See you tommorow guys!
i160
Weird, The cars are not here yet
i161
It’s a shame, we could have replayed the song
i162
But at least that gives us a little more time together
i163
Don’t worry, we’ll have enough time together especially that we’re going to Prince Ali’s birthday together
i164
I meant only us two
i165
You know, I’m so happy with you.
i166
I think that we’re very similar
i167
Do you feel the same way? Do you also...
i168
Uh.. sorry I thought that there was a wasp
i169
Do you love me, as well?
i170
You were saying?
i171
Adrien... What’s the matter?
i172
I’ve lost something on the boat when my bag fell, don’t wait for me
i173
See you at the birthday party!
i174
Tatsu, Take me to the town hall
i175
I still hope we’ll be going to the prince’s birthday, it’s always a big ceremony
where they get the best cheese
i176
For now Ladybug needs me
i177
PLAGG, CLAWS OUT!
i178
Cat Noir, HawkMoth merged his powers with those of the peacock to become ShadowMoth.
i179
He created a supervillain and a sentimonster at the same time. Come quickly!
i180
You will now have to tell the truth to all questions you’ll be asked. I’ll start, who are you, Ladybug?
i181
I.. Am-
i182
A very good swimmer!
i183
Dear Prince Ali, in the name of the city of Paris and its inhabitants,
I wish you a happy birthday.
i184
Didn’t I agree with Gabriel Agreste that you would come with his son?
i185
Oh uh... He’s here, mother, he’s answering questions from journalists, I’ll be back.
i186
Ahh, M’lady, it’s been a long time since I had so much fun
i187
Haha, if fighting against a villain with three eyes and a giant Monster
amuses you...
i188
at this point, I can’t dare to imagine what your daily life looks like
i189
A supervillain, a giant, and Shadowmoth!
Don’t you find this new name more amusing?
i190
He can change his name as much as he wants, we’ll catch him eventually!
i191
You can count on me and my jokes, Buginette
i192
You won’t have to do it for much longer
i193
In truth, I only have so much fun with you, bye Buginette!
i194
Claws in!
i195
Kagami! I didn’t make you wait too long, I hope
i196
And I hope you found what you are looking for. Huuh- On the barge!
i197
On the barge... of course, yes yes I found it! Thank you.
i198
What was it? Ohh it’s this little lucky charm that Marinette gave it to me for
uhh- no I lost it, again!
i199
Are you talking about this?
i200
Listen, I lied too, I lied to my mother so that we could see each other,
i201
I even lied to her that you came with me tonight,
i202
I lied during every fencing class so I can spend more time with you!
i203
Do you see? We are both liars, the difference is that I lie just to be with you.
i204
You! You lie to not be with me
i205
Kagami!
i206
I’d rather be alone.
i207
It only takes one lie to ruin the confidence!
And what if in the end all is lies in our world?
i208
Fly away my little akuma, and blackened this unhappy heart
i209
Lies!
i210
I’m Shadow Moth, I give you the power to rid the world of liars
i211
In return, you must give me the Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
i212
Do you give me your word?
i213
You can trust me. No lie will be tolerated, Shadow Moth!
i214
Oh!
i215
Nooo…
i216
This is all my fault… I have to save Kagami!
i217
Plagg Claws out!
i218
Oh, Prince Ali, one more year is to be celebrated but you are still Rock and Roll in your head!
i219
"Applause and Roar"
i220
In the name of the law, what is that!
i221
I'm Lies!
i222
have you ever lied to Officer Roger?
i223
Of course not! A policeman never lies.
i224
You lie, officer Roger!
i225
Aaaah
i226
And you Mother? Have you ever lied?
i227
Kagami!
i228
I don't permit you!
i229
"Aaaaah"
i230
"Gasps"
i231
Kaga… Lie stop this now !
i232
Oh but here is a new candidate for the lie detector test.
i233
I am not lying to you when I tell you that I will free you from Shadow Moth!
i234
Me I will help him, yeah!
i235
Don't stay here Jagged.
i236
I fear nothing, I'm an artist. I still hold to my fans.
i237
It's wrong, you lie to them about your age!
i238
Oh, that's not Rock and Roll! You're...
i239
A world without lies would no longer need superheroes at Noir.
i240
Catacly…
i241
No, If you touch the sphere you will be paralyzed.
i242
Unless you've never lied.
i243
Yes, but is it the case?
i244
Uh not really...
i245
What about you?
i246
Of course not kitty!
We have to lie, even just to keep our identities a secret!
i247
And if we touch this sphere, nothing will be able to stop it from annihilating Paris!
i248
Okay, but what do we do then?
i249
Lucky Charm!
i250
I can't wait to know what you're going to do with a drone
i251
Okay, we can't go inside. This device has never lied before, which means...
i252
Make diversion whilst I send our flying spy!
i253
Let's keep in contact
i254
Your wish is my command m'lady. If I lie I'll go to hell ~
i255
Youhouuu my name's not Chat Noir!
I am not a superhero!
i256
I hate Ladybug!
i257
And I think that ShadowMoth could've called himself PanFly! It's funnier!
i258
Oh yes, I was about to forget: my favorite dish is cabbage with white sauce!
Yummy!
i259
Catch that lying cat, and grab his miraculous!
i260
I won't go back on my words ShadowMoth,
liars always end up paying for their mistakes!
i261
I know what the akumatized object is
i262
Amazing! Break it then!
i263
I don't how to do it without touching it
i264
You're right, only someone who's never lied could infiltrate the sphere to do it,
but such a person doesn't exist!
i265
Of course, it exists Chat Noir, it really does!! Fang, Jagged Stone's crocodile!
i266
It's an animal, it doesn't know how to lie!
i267
Great thinking!
i268
Yes! It's working!
i269
Civilians : Heeeelp!
i270
If Lies sees it coming, we’re screwed.
i271
There are only two more liars left in Paris, and one of them knows how to turn
his attention.
i272
No, wait doesn’t do that, and what if I’m mistaken?
i273
You know what? I trust you.
i274
Cat Noir no! Don’t do that! You’re crazy!
i275
Yes, crazy for you M’lady.
i276
No, you’re just crazy unconscious.
i277
It is the moment of truth. Take Cat Noir’s Miraculous and then it will be Ladybug’s turn.
i278
Hurry up!
i279
No!
i280
No more evil-doing for you, little Akuma.
i281
Time to de-evilize.
i282
Gotcha!
i283
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
i284
Miraculous Ladybug!
i285
Seriously you need to stop doing this to me!
i286
Yes, but it’s because I find that angry look of yours absolutely irresistible.
i287
Pound it!
i288
Plagg, claws in.
i289
Ah, Ladybug.
i290
Oh how romantic that is, I mean I understand you even though I love every
cheese, I always come back to my favorite, camembert.
i291
On guard. Ready. Go
i292
Ouch hey!
i293
Is enough!
i294
It's a fencing lesson here, not a personal problem-solving.
i295
Cease it!
i296
I'm sorry for hurting you Kagami.
i297
And you know all the good times we shared
i298
It was not lies
i299
I know
i300
I know you are hiding something
i301
But I also know there is sincerity in you
i302
So we can't be friends?
i303
How can you trust someone who lied to you?
i304
When I'm ready to see you again, I'll let you know.
i305
Do you know what the difference is, between us and the rest of the world M’Lady?
i306
We can't be completely honest with each other
i307
We have our secrets and sometimes we have to lie
i308
But we know we can trust each other